# WebWars_CSC435

The goal of this project is to construct a simple website that offers some access control and client authentication, as well as the ability for users and guests to post comments. You will use a LAMP (Linux Apache MySQL PHP) platform to design your site. Eventually you should launch your site at the following system: weblab.salemstate.edu.  Please  use  only  ssh  and  sftp  to  login  to  the  system.  You  should  already  have accounts for the system if you don’t let me know and I will create accounts for you.Your  website  should  take  advantage  of  PHP.  Your  website  should  consist  of  an  assortment  of  different web-pages accessible from a “menu” web-page named index.php. There should be a function (or separate page if preferred) that a user can use to logout from the website. One web-page should handle a login function (it should be named login.php) a second page would allow clients to register new users (it should be named createuser.php) and a third page should allow users to change their password (it should be named passwd.php). Finally you should have a page for public posts. Users and guests should be able to post in this page. Posts should reflect whether a user (and which user) or a guest performed them, meaning that a post should also display the information of who created the post.You  should  create  a  MySQLdatabase  with  a  table  named  usersthat  contains  the  information  about  the  users  in  your  website  including  username, passwordand  other  information  that  you  would  like to collect from user registration (this is up to you). Initially there should be two users in your system, one  called  adminand  another  called  useryou  will  need  to  disclose  their  passwords  to  me  when  you  launch the site. There should be two more web-pages in your website, one called admin.php, user.php. The content of these pages is not relevant to the project and it is up to you (may be empty as well). However in each page you should identify the user that is accessing the page and print a message greeting the user in the  top  of  the  page.  Note  that  only  the  administrator  should  be  allowed  to  view  the  admin.phppage, whereas unregistered users should not be able to view either of these two pages (and in all cases the client should be informed appropriately of unauthorized access attempts).When a user gets authenticated the website should produce a cookie named compsecp1 that will be stored in the web-browser’s client (or if you prefer a number of cookies you should name them starting with compsecp).  The  cookie(s)  should  contain  sufficient  information  for  the  server  to  authenticate  the  client in each web-page access. Make sure that the path of the cookie is set to match your home directory (i.e., if your home directory is ~skentros the cookie path should be /~skentros/).As discussed in classroom this is a 3 step project performed by guilds (teams of 3 students). The first phase ends at November 16th. This is the alpha development phase. By this time you should have the complete system ready and launch it on weblab.salemstate.edu. In the second phase each guild will attack the website launched by the other guilds with the intent to discover vulnerabilities and exploit them to gain use  and  admin  access.  This  phase  will  end  at  November  30th.  The  product  of  this  step  should  be  a  report  from each guild, describing the attacks they tried, which ones succeeded, which ones didn’t and why they believe they failed or succeeded. More information and details on phase two will be  disclosed  later  in  the  semester.  Finally  in  the  last  phase,  each  guild  will  receive  the  two  reports  from  opposing  guilds  and  will  have to patch the vulnerabilities of their site. The end product of this phase should be a beta version of the site  and  a  report  that  explains  your  system  in  detail and  explains  what  vulnerabilities  the  other  guilds  identified  in  your  implementation,  what  was  their  cause  and  how  you  fixed  them.  Finally  you  should  explain how your system handles the following issues:1.How do you protect the contents of the password database of your system from unauthorized access? You should consider the possibility of an attacker accessing the password database.2.How do you protect each session so that it is active only for the intended user. You should consider the possibility that an attacker may access the client’s computer and/or steal a cookie.3.As far as cookies are concerned, how do you preserve the privacy of the users in your system? You should consider the possibility of an attacker accessing the client’s computer in search of 
CSC 435 Computer and Network Security Engineering2 information about the users’ accounts (even the account username is something that you would like to protect in such a case).4.What is a simple way to ensure that the communication between the client and the server is protected? You should consider an attacker that controls a router in the communication path between the server and the client (and hence can mount a man-in-the-middle attack).5.How does your system protect against someone that tries to break into an account using an online dictionary attack?6.How does your system address SQL Injection, CSRF and XSS attacks?For  all  the  above  points  you  should  try  to  substantiate  them  by  referring  to  the  specific  cryptographic or security tools that you took advantage of in the design of your system. Explain under what assumptions  your  system  is  secure  for  the  six  points  above  in  consideration  of  the  corresponding  attack  scenarios. You may detail specific or additional attack scenarios if you wish.  Note 1. You may NOT use PHP sessions for this project. You can comment on them on your report and consider what would have been the advantages of using them.Note 2.  If you don’t have MySQL account let me know and I will have one created for you.
